1. purpose of hello world program
  The hello world program outputs a string to the console

2. name four parts of a function
  1. the return type            2. the function name
  3. the function parameters    3. the function body

3. function that appears in every c++ program
  int main() {}

4. the purpose of return 0 in the hello world program is to end the code block by using return, and as main specifies a return type of int, we must return an in,
   0 is typically used to indicate the program completed successfully, but we could return any int such as 42069.

5. purpose of compiler?
  the purpose of the compiler is to turn our human readable c++ code into machine readable machine code.
  it also checks any compile time errors and prevents the build from proceeding if errors are found.
  
6. purpose of #include
  #include directives help us include functions that might be used often, and by multiple cpp files, that we don't want to specify in each cpp file

7. what does .h suffix indicate
  .h is the header file type, and it's .h files that we use in #includes when we want to attach an amount of functionality within the .h file to the file
  including it.

8. what does the linker do for your program.
  A linker connects all of the .obj files generated by the compiler and provides us with an executable for whatever platform we're compiling to

9. difference between source file and an object file
  A source file is what we write ourselves, wherease an object file is a source file that has been compiled.

10. What is an IDE
  an IDE is an integrated development environment, which helps us write programs. different IDEs do different things, most modern IDEs will help us write,
  check, compile, and sometimes version control our programs.

11. why is practice necessary if you understand a textbook
  Understanding the whole textbook is merely technically understanding, but technical understanding is useless if it doesn't inform a practical action.
  practicing helps us understand at a much deeper level than just technically. 
