1. What is software?
  Software is the set of instructions performed by a computer to solve a problem.

2. Why is software important?
  Software enables us to accomplish life enhancing work that we otherwise wouldn't be capable of.

3. Where is software important?
  Software is important everywhere, all the time in modern society, from within vehicles, gadgets, hospitals, to communications devices and even in space.

4. What could go wrong if some software fails? List some examples.
  Software that fails could result in harm or damage to people or property. An example would be a surgical robot, self driving car, fuel injector within
  a cruise ship or rocket.

5. Where does software play an important role? List some examples.
  Almost everywhere in modern society. In particular, in hospitals, where software monitors and assistes people on life-support, where it provides doctors
  with medical history quickly and conveniently, and where it performs complicated analysis of samples.

6. What are some jobs related to software development? List some.
  - Website developer, Gameplay programmer, Rocket scientist (programming rockets), Server engineer (google)
    programming jobs can be found wherever there are computers.

7. What's the difference between computer science and programming?
  - Computer science is a much broader discipline which encompasses the design, engineering, and application of computers to the theory and experimentation of
  techniques and ideas around computation.
  - Programming is the art of expressing the instrucitons required to solve a problem in a language that's executable by a computer.

8. Where in the design construction, and use of a ship is software used?
  It is used when designing the ship, when building the ship, and even used when building and designing where the ship will be built, as well as designing the
  parts of the ship which propell it through the water, control it, and assist it in navigation.

9. What is a server farm?
  A server farm is a large group of computers that can be instructed to work together on a problem.

// Answered questions 10-19 but forgot to commit!

Exercises:
1. Activity I do daily that involves computers:
- Rock climbing, I use a stopwatch to time the duration and rest periods between certain climbing exercises, I use a weather app to check the forecast
  If going indoors I sign in to the gym on a computer, and purchase entry with computers.

2. Pick a profession that involves computers
- I'm a mobile game developer, computers are at the core of everything I do for work.

3. (swap answers with a friend)

4. Describe an activity that would not have been possible without computers
- When rock climbing in a new area, I rely on information about the routes and access trails. Documentation of them would not be feasibly shared without
  the use of a computer, and I would never have heard of any new ares except by word of mouth.

5. List of programs I directly used:
- Unity, Rider, Photoshop, Premiere Pro, Google Docs, the list is endless

6. 10 activities people do that do not involve computers in any way, even indirectly:
  1. Creating art en plein air                     2. Some exercise such as swimming outdoors
  3. Fishing                                       4. Camping
  5. Learning an instrument by ear                 6. Woodwork (traditional)
  7. Singing                                       8. can't think of any more

7. Five tasks computers aren't used for today but will be used for in the future
  1. Automatically servicing cars
  2. Designing websites 'from scratch'
  3. Analysing radiographic images and delivering diagnosis
  4. can't think of any more

8. Explanation of why i'd like to be a computer programmer:
  I'd like to equip myself with the abilities of a great programmer so that I can create a successful MMO. I find the work very engaging and am deeply
  inspired to learn as many techniques as I can.

9. Explain what other role I'd like to play in the computer industry
  I'd like to create very good examples of multiplayer games, and improve upon the quality of games that have been made already. Carry the baton forward, if possible

10. Do I think computers will develop consciousness?
  I don't see it as impossible, though I see it as being incredibly resource dependent.

11. List some characteristics that programmers share
  - Good at analysing problems.
  - Able to listen, communicate, and work with others
  - Quick to learn and absorb new concepts
  - able to think abstractly
  - creative

12. five kinds of applications for computer programs mentioned in this chapter
  1. I may come back to this, these questions feel tedius and I just want to continue learning
